Copy edit 5.16 guides (#2010)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/guides/extract-metrics-with-checks.md

documentation        | [OpenTSDB Data Specification][9]
example              | {{< highlight string >}}sys.cpu.user 1356998400 42.5 host=webserver01 cpu=0{{< /highlight >}}

### Validate the metrics

If the check output is formatted correctly according to its `output_metric_format`, the metrics will be extracted in Sensu metric format and passed to the event pipeline.

> You should expect to see logged errors if Sensu cannot parse the check output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should expect to see errors logged by sensu-agent if it is unable to parse the check output.
```
